Removing some references to outdated versions of Edge from our docs (#1602)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/how-to-detect-win11.md

For details about these two approaches, see [Detecting Microsoft Edge from your website](user-agent-guidance.md).

> In Microsoft Edge and Chrome, sites can differentiate between users on Windows 11 and Windows 10 via User-Agent Client Hints (UA-CH). This information can be found in the following UA-CH request headers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Microsoft Edge and Chrome, sites can differentiate between users on Windows 11 and Windows 10 by using User-Agent Client Hints (UA-CH). This information can be found in the following UA-CH request headers:
```
